What's wrong with me?
No, I was kidnapped by an adult
This girl is so pretty
I just said your breasts are big and soft
So comfortable what
You didn't call me together?
What are you thinking?
He's also a chef
Nonsense, the daughter after the fifth left is still thorny boudoir
Did I know he was a chef?
They actually know my identity
Hey, what do you think Mr. Sun will do with this woman?
Although it is a collection of outstanding beauties
But it doesn't seem safe to keep it
You think too much
At most, Mr. Sun will play for a while
I got tired of it, so I strangled it and buried it in this yard
Who knows?
Wait for Mr. Sun to get tired of playing
Let's have a few sips of soup
This bitch has tender skin
Much more watery than the women in Goulan
It's just that if Mr. Sun didn't want to try it
Now let's get rid of him
Who says it's not?
Who let people be different from each other?
Hey, enough is enough
Go for a drink
Is drinking bad?
Why do you have to wake up?
Don't worry, I didn't find the drug just now.
I'll never wake up until night
All right, let's go. Let's go.
No, can't sit still
Watching them go out together
Find a way to escape
You are locked